[ADD] new doc for release report (#1272)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/manage-account/reports/general-considerations/reconciliation-reports.en.md

> NOTE
>
> > WARNING
>

> > The Available Balance report will be disabled next March O1, 2022

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Available Balance report will be disabled from March 1st, 2022
```
